Capabilities
Configure Apple Pay on the web
Apple Pay on the web allows users to purchase goods and services within your web app.

First create a merchant identifier in your developer account that uniquely identifies you to Apple Pay as a merchant who is able to accept payments. You can use the same merchant identifier for multiple apps. The merchant identifier never expires.

Next create a payment processing certificate that’s associated with your merchant identifier and used to encrypt payment information. The payment processing certificate expires every 25 months and can be revoked. When that happens, just re-create the payment processing certificate.

Then register the merchant domains in your organization that will process the Apple Pay transactions and create a merchant identity certificate that you’ll use to authenticate communication with the Apple Pay servers.

Required role: Account Holder or Admin.

Register a merchant domain
In Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles, click Identifiers in the sidebar, then select Merchant IDs from the pop-up menu on the top right.

On the right, select your merchant identifier.

Under Merchant Domains, click Add Domain.

Enter the fully qualified domain name, then click Save.

Click Download, place the downloaded file in the specified location, then click Verify.

Click Done.

Remove a merchant domain
In Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles, click Identifiers in the sidebar, then select Merchant IDs from the pop-up menu on the top right.

On the right, select your merchant identifier.

Under Merchant Domains, click Remove next to the domain, then follow the instructions.

Verify a merchant domain
In Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles, click Identifiers in the sidebar, then select Merchant IDs from the pop-up menu on the top right.

On the right, select your merchant identifier.

Under Merchant Domains, click Verify next to the domain, then follow the instructions.

Create a merchant identity certificate
In Certificates, Identifiers & Profiles, click Identifiers in the sidebar, then select Merchant IDs from the pop-up menu on the top right.

On the right, select your merchant identifier.

Under Apple Pay Merchant Identity Certificate, click Create Certificate.

Create a certificate signing request on your Mac, then click Continue.

Click Choose File.

In the dialog that appears, select the certificate request file (a file with a .certSigningRequest file extension), then click Choose.

Click Continue.

Click Download.

The certificate file (a file with a .cer file extension) appears in your Downloads folder.

To learn more about Apple Pay on the web, visit Apple Pay JS Documentation.

Submit your
feedback

Ask questions on the forums

Contact Apple Developer Support

Developer Footer

Apple
DeveloperHelpAccountCapabilitiesConfigure Apple Pay on the web
Platforms
iOS
iPadOS
macOS
tvOS
visionOS
watchOS
Tools
Swift
SwiftUI
Swift Playground
TestFlight
Xcode
Xcode Cloud
Icon Composer
SF Symbols
Topics & Technologies
Accessibility
Accessories
Apple Intelligence
App Store
Audio & Video
Augmented Reality
Business
Design
Distribution
Education
Fonts
Games
Health & Fitness
In-App Purchase
Localization
Maps & Location
Machine Learning & AI
Open Source
Security
Safari & Web
Resources
Documentation
Sample Code
Tutorials
Downloads
Forums
Videos
Support
Support Articles
Contact Us
Bug Reporting
System Status
Account
Apple Developer
App Store Connect
Certificates, IDs, & Profiles
Feedback Assistant
Programs
Apple Developer Program
Apple Developer Enterprise Program
App Store Small Business Program
MFi Program
Mini Apps Partner Program
News Partner Program
Video Partner Program
Security Bounty Program
Security Research Device Program
Events
Meet with Apple
Apple Developer Centers
App Store Awards
Apple Design Awards
Apple Developer Academies
WWDC
Get the Apple Developer app.
Light
Dark
Auto

English
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.Terms of Use Privacy Policy Agreements and Guidelines